Feature: Form Validations Lesson (#23213)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: html_css/v2/main-course/intermediate_html/form-validations.md

  <span>See the Pen <a href="https://codepen.io/TheOdinProjectExamples/pen/WNZOwgp">
  forms-min-length-validation</a> by TheOdinProject (<a href="https://codepen.io/TheOdinProjectExamples">@TheOdinProjectExamples</a>)
  on <a href="https://codepen.io">CodePen</a>.</span>
</p>
<script async src="https://cpwebassets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Try entering less than three charters into the text area and clicking the tweet button to see the validation in action.

#### Maximum Length Validation

To add a maximum length validation, we give the form control an `maxlength` attribute with an integer value which represents the maximum amount of characters we want to allow in the form control:

<p class="codepen" data-height="300" data-theme-id="dark" data-default-tab="html,result" data-slug-hash="zYEzqJJ" data-preview="true" data-user="TheOdinProjectExamples" style="height: 300px; box-sizing: border-box; display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; border: 2px solid; margin: 1em 0; padding: 1em;">
  <span>See the Pen <a href="https://codepen.io/TheOdinProjectExamples/pen/zYEzqJJ">

>   Untitled</a> by TheOdinProject (<a href="https://codepen.io/TheOdinProjectExamples">@TheOdinProjectExamples</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  forms-maximum-length-validations</a> by TheOdinProject (<a href="https://codepen.io/TheOdinProjectExamples">@TheOdinProjectExamples</a>)
```

Author: Eagle eyes 😄 

Thanks @zachmmeyer, updated
